I assume you'll announce it and answer that.
Mr. Jackson, you know I made a break clear that the call Mr. Clepper was a lawyer who can
claim illegal for a break without Mr. Simon can take the stand to be a great way of
time.
Now I have made it clear that I am not going to ask for Mr. Simon to be subpoenaed.
I think out of the constitution he cannot be.
I think it would be a great contribution here whoever.
If we could get Mr. Simon's in, come on a stand and my very good friend you've done
with well.
I'm curious to know what that conversation was by a day before he came back on the committee.
I would only like to hear that.
I would only like to hear that role.
Not that I don't, not that I crossed in your truthfulness, but the rest of us have taken
the oath and I frankly am very curious about the conversations you have, the conversations
with Mr. Simon, what is behind all of them?
It's one of the miscarries of time.
I think it was a quote from some magazine.
He said Stephen came following any spelling.
That's him quickly.
Nothing to it.
Mr. Stevens and the other Republicans are present now.
We have a very fun conversation with him.
We made an agreement.
I shouldn't say an agreement.
We all agreed that Stephen left the committee with some kind of a certain information.
Nothing new about that.
Apparently after that meeting something happened I don't know about it.
And the best thing I think maybe Senator.
You and Senator Simon don't judge the way.
I've said a lot of things happen.
I have to democrypt the oath to the committee.
That's what we're investigating now.
No, we have to get him out.
Senator Solomon has been proven now that the charges against Mr. Carval have been proven
that the only thing Mr. Cohn has done according to the testimony Mr. Stevens and the Madam.
Well, he couldn't get me to refuse to call.
Remember the loyalty board?
Mr. Cohn didn't try to do it.
If he tried he was not a succeeded son.
Has or not we know the charges are completely broken.
Connecting it as a fact.
Well, we'll get away from the luncheon from that.
I mean the chicken luncheon.
Senator, I had understood you to say that.
And if I'm wrong I want to be corrected here.
testimony earlier this afternoon that you didn't feel that all of these staff need to have clearance.
And I wondered if you would just elaborate.
No, no, I didn't say that son.
Oh, you strike not so.
I have said that I have asked the FBI for a full deal of investigation of everyone on the staff.
I have said that they have given me a known as a name check on the number of the staff.
I said that originally I thought that perhaps they clearance from the atomic energy commission.
Or if the Pentagon might be of importance,
while it appears that we're going to be able to get information from them,
since I discovered that we cannot get information from them.
For example, CIA has refused to cooperate at all.
It's no sense to find an aspirant experience for organizations.
If we can work out some kind of an arrangement.
Or by this committee can get some extra information from the various departments.
And I think those departments should have the right to object to.
You'll remember all the factors.
I made a motion in the committee in the administration requesting a full deal investigation of all staff personnel.
If that's possible.
If not, a clearance from whatever other agency that we could obtain.
You move the full deal and let's get to the FBI.
Well, do I understand that a request was made of the Department of Defense for clearance?
Of staff personnel?
Mr. Jackson, I'm sure that originally we made different decisions.
Originally we made those requests.
I don't think we made any such requests over the past four or five months.
I thought that was all done.
Have they all been acted upon? That's what I'm getting at.
As far as I know, none of them turned out.
Nobody has been able to let me all receive clearance.
I don't know.
Could we have that information?
You're searching for him.
Mr. Jackson, for whom?
That's point.
I think the material was requested as well, Bill.
I understood Senator signings to this day that he wished it presented an executive executive.
And that's correct.
That means, too, I have a report in writing which I propose to hand to the chairman.
For such use as you wish to me.
But I think that it is very important on my left would like to make a comment about the addition or subtraction of names from the court.
I think that's a huge change from a purely mechanical admit here.
A lot of objections, the committee will hear from Colonel Murray.
Is that right, Colonel Murray?
We don't wish any information on any particular man.
I just want to be sure that the chairman understands what he is getting.
The chairman of the Senate is having a request to be able to be presented in the executive session because of the signings in particular.
I know intention of saying to discredit or smear anybody who might have been fired for a job and turned out.
That's right.
The fire is a threat for a certain term.
I have the material that you requested in two lists.
Two separate letters both dated today from the office of the Secretary of Defense.
And I've been authorized to present it to the chairman of this committee.
The reason it's done, two separate letters because when we did not receive the list of employees, we worked with an older list.
So wait until someone's here to see if there are listed employees?
Then I'll tell you what they're doing.
Yes, we did not receive it when we requested it.
And I was anxious to get this as soon as possible.
So I initiated a request upon the department.
And they...
I told you on a different list for a new and our, you got it during the new and our report.
I think we got it at yes or during the new and our.
But we had already initiated work in order to produce this today.
And the two names on the list that Senator McCotten presented to Mr. Welch,
that were not on our original list.
And that is why we have a supplementary list.
There was one name on the list that we prepared that was not on Senator McCotten's list.
That's the zone that probably somebody that was employed back in December that is not with you now.
I think you might, just as I was a little bit complete, I think you might find that list.
There should be one more name added to it.
I didn't check the list personally, but there is a young man, a name of Bernie Kabelman, who is on my personal payroll.
I'm not sure if he's on there, but his name should be added to it.
His name is not on either of these.
So that should be added to it, because it's not there because his name is not on the, on the staff payroll.
Then Mr. Chairman, if it meets with your approval, and if anyone else who is interested,
I will hand these lists to you now, or have them handed to you,
which couple of the testimonies of this witness, I think, makes the situation clear.
And they can be dealt with by the committee and executive, say, oh, another session, they do be fit.
Thank you very much, Senator.
I accept them, and then we'll call on executive station to present them to the members of the committee.
Who has the time, Mr. Senator?
I think it's a good answer, Senator.
Before the next senator comes, Mr. McCotten, let us return.
Yes, we just time out for the interview.
Senator Sanders.
Mr. Chairman, I do.
I should have made a point of something, for a fact, when we were talking about,
when Senator McCotten and Senator McCotten had their colloquial,
and I'd like to just make a couple of observations.
It's a question.
The list of questions which I have, and I'm nearly through with,
first is as I testified in executive session,
before getting a lawyer, whose name has been banned in the back here, quite a little,
I tried to get Mr. Bill Watches, former chief counsel of this committee, and he was not available.
I wouldn't have been any better off though, but it got him because as I read the...
You know, you're...
You know, I want to let me finish that, Senator.
You know, with that, I'm sure of me, I continue, I've been very patient and quiet all day.
I read the development.
We all remember as kids, at least all the old men, like me, tinkers to ever stand.
A great Chicago infield.
Let's go to Stevens, to Adams, to Hensel, to Sherman Adams, and Bill Rides,
to Clifford to the chicken dinner.
And so, if I had gotten the Republican lawyer, why I wouldn't have been any federal off,
and I would have fathered him just severely, could have died.
Does happen, however, as I also testified in executive session,
that the last time that Mr. Clifford talked to Mr. Stevens, which incidentally was the second time he ever talked to him,
was on February 21st, and that was day before the chicken dinner.
And weeks before the issuance of any charges.
Now, it seems to me that there's been a little too much made about this,
made out about this democratic lawyer, accepting the request of the Republican Secretary of the Army
to help him with respect to a problem that involved Army morale.
It seems to me that the senator now on the witness stand, during these hearings,
has had considerable help from another democratic lawyer, and I see nothing wrong in that.
I'm Mr. Chairman, the adversary to my question, and I'll try to get him through this round.
I have to agree.
Senator McCrathy, do you think that President Eisenhower could put any classification on a secret document,
which would prevent you from being a person authorized to receive an exam?
I'll answer that. The first one I've been saying that I have got some information I've been longing for for many a long day,
and that was truly positive, I recommend it to Bill Rogers to give that advice.
That's what's going to happen here, that January 21st, for meaning.
So I thank you for the information that's been made.
Now, the senator is totally incorrect. What I said was that I tried to get hold of the line,
without success. If anybody recommended him to look into your problem, there was not I.
Now, your question was, Mr. Eisenhower, I have one.
President Eisenhower, sir.
President Eisenhower, please.
May I repeat the question?
If you will.
Do you think that President Eisenhower could put any classification on a secret document,
which would prevent you from being a person authorized to receive an exam?
Yes, the answer is yes or no?
I don't know. I don't know.
No question.
I don't know what you know.
You think the FBI could have any documents, but you as chairman of this committee should not be entitled to receive?
I will certainly.
Was that the only agency in the government that has documents you're not entitled to receive?
No, I think that the timing from that.
Neither my committee nor any other investigating committee should receive any documents,
which will disclose the names of informants.
Number one, number two, demonstrate and investigate a technique.
Number three, go and take the national security.
O CIA's not been called our worldwide FBI.
Abuts CIA.
I think that's the factor from the FBI to call it CIA.
They worldwide FBI.
President, did you ever hear a vaginal fanarist?
My authority, whatever they say.
Remember who he is?
I couldn't give you his record.
Before the record ends, much as the CIA is another lifeline to our security.
I'd like to say that Adela Cunarras was a man who's turned against Hitler.
And with the key reason that we have cheated so rapidly and confidently,
it's from what I've got.
And I'll check it for the record and break myself if I'm wrong.
But do the effort for Christmas to Alan Dulles.
The president had the CIA had a tremendous amount to do.
It saved the lives of many, many American boys, the magnificent job that the CIA did,
an establishing contact.
When this $1 heading the show, and I understand it, was some fighters in German.
Mr. Birmingham, there was no CIA at that time.
Well, it was the same thing as the CIA.
The initials may be wrong, but what I was getting at more than the agency was the man who was getting the agency.
Mr. Carfield, there wasn't any special agency in that character.
I know he spoke to you about it.
I have just as much pride in the CIA, Mr. Carfield.
You have in the FBI because it's part of America.
I'm just telling you that the CIA was not...
I just recollected it was the O.S. and Office of Strategic Service.
I thought about the O.S. that's good, but let's make it clear that the CIA was not farmed in the long after the O.S.
The O.S. and the CIA is a researcher to the O.S. and I think we're now dealing in semantics and I'd like to proceed.
The next question, do you think there can be any information contained in documents,
any at all, in the executive branch, which the chairman of this committee should not be entitled to receive?
If he, the chairman, thinks his bear is on an investigation, he is conducting.
You asked three or four questions, Senator.
I'll repeat it.
I got to go.
First, you say that the CIA has done...
The front book, the front, like that, is where you read it.
It was not the CIA.
You say the O.S.
You say the CIA was the secretary of the O.S.
I believe that anyone in Washington, including Senator Simon,
and I believe a little great, if the O.S. was the most heavily injured by Communism,
any organization that we've ever had in the country, because there's no doubt about that.
Now, how many of those are blanked in the CIA?
I don't know, but you know what I think you brought up the special O.S.
I want to make it clear that I am no admirer of the Communist O.S.
Bill Donovan, who had about, I think, of a outstanding individual.
At the time, the O.S. was formed.
We were using them behind the line to work with Russia.
So it was only logical that there would be a lot of Communism, the O.S.S.
I think it's extremely unfortunate, however, like we have blanked it.
Many of those come into the CIA, and as the Senator knows,
the House Committee headed by, I believe it was from Tonsky, I'm not sure,
pointed out that Communism from the Army and Tonsky were classically shifted over to the CIA.
Now, I want to say something here that I think the worst situation that we now have is not in the military.
It's in the CIA.
Senator Martin, I don't want it erupted, but I didn't add too many questions on that.
If the CIA is not in the military today, it's a problem for the Republican administration, not for me.
All I was trying to say, all I did is a problem for the country, but it's under Republican administration.
All I was trying to say is that Mr. Allen Dullard, who runs the CIA today,
and all I know about it is from a great fly with a record in both wars and networks for us,
he is responsible for one of the most magnificent intelligence jobs that was done in World War II.
That was told to me at one time by Bill Donovan, who was in the family,
was also my personal lawyer. I'm sorry for his sake.
Now, can we get on with the question?
No, I'd like to come.
I would rather ask the question that you could comment later at some point.
I'm wondering what you would like to comment.
Well, I know you might not be working with us, I don't want it, not because it's just a Republican problem.
What's the cause of an American problem?
I'd order up what I thought was right.
I will have a statement for the hearing tomorrow with respect to the CIA and the OSS.
It was my understanding that the OSS was an organization that handled intelligence abroad outside of the United States in World War II.
If that's wrong, I think correct it.
The agency now that handled intelligence outside of the United States is the CIA.
I knew very well the first head of the CIA.
General Van Enberg was the second head of it.
I think I know a little about it, but I don't think it's on this issue and I'd like to proceed to the question.
Do you think the FBI, or you're into that?
Do you think there can be any information contained in documents in the executive branch,
any at all, which determines if the committee should not be entitled to receive,
if he determines things that bear on an investigation, he's conducting.
Yes.
Do you think the two would remember the committee are entitled to receive all executive department documents
and they don't take good information?
No.
Including the Defense and Security of the United States?
Does that also go for all members of the staff?
Yes.
Does the best of your knowledge have all members of this subcommittee staff
been cleared by the defense department to take good documents?
I don't know.
I asked her about the annullet staff.
I'll never turn down.
I'll answer now.
Mr. President, I'm Mr. Chairman.
On this question, I have a brief statement made by the president.
And I'd like to add something to my question, comments on it.
It's made on May 12th.
All right.
I'm your time.
I just know two and everything.
I'm gonna put a long story out.
I'll show you how long it says.
I suggest you wait until I throw around because you have several questions.
I'll have to be able to do what can and each of them.
All right.
Take our afternoon recess to finance.
I don't need to identify them again.
Mr. Robert, vote for it.
Mr. Chairman, I think it's unnecessary to remind our guests who were here before the recess of the fact that we have a standing committee rule against
audible manifestations of approval and disapproval.
And we will, of course, expect our guests to pass the known to continue to comply with that regulation.
I'm sure they know by now that the instructions that the committee has given to the Capitol Police Boys and to the plain clothes people who have asked for it from the rule.
Anybody who violates that standing committee rule.
Mr. Chairman, I'm a copy.
For the information of Mr. Wells, under a timing that's not here, I think I should make one correction in this list.
People who work for the committee that I gave to Mr. Wells.
We have a vast number of people.
I shouldn't say that number of people.
We've got a sizable number of people who act as technical advisers and no salary whatsoever.
Take, for example, in this room today, there's Mr. Robert Vogler.
Sitting back here, Mr. Vogler was in a communist prison for some 17 months.
He was kept at a sleep for some 82 hours.
Question, some 73, 74 hours.
No fifth amendment.
All out there, Mr. Chairman.
And I have a great number of individuals like Bob Vogler who give us extremely valuable advice on the communist conspiracy.
And I have nothing to do with them in the list, Mr. Wells, because they are all on the tape.
And no definite hour is ending like that, but just good oil Americans who like those who are in those spots.
Communism.
Communism really stands for it, right Bob?
The chair of the league is just the list that has been supplied to Senator Simon in the Army.
All that's been had in mind was the people on the payroll, so that I think it's the least you've not completed.
I'm happy to have Bob Vogler into their list.
The dissimilar states have said that the steady kind of American patriotism that we should all have promised.
Mr. Chairman, let my God grant you time.
All right, then that's my election, and that's what we concluded.
And I hope we got a lot of our system right now so that we can be encouraged during the rest of the day.
Mr. Chairman, what are you doing?
I want to ask Senator McCarthy, you recall that I asked a question whether there are any untape people on the staff.
I assume that you're just on the bottom of the tape, such as Mr. Vogler and others that are acting in an informal capacity not working on the staff as such.
That is right, I'm referring and I want to make the record clear that we do have a number of individuals like Bob Vogler,
who I feel can give us good advice.
I agree on that, but you recall a, and fairness to you, you recall the question I asked earlier, you said there were no untape staff assistance.
So that there are no untape full-time staff assistance.
Well, either quite a number of part-time people who work on investigation.
I don't know, I'm glad you raised a number and I don't forget my name.
I can't estimate the number, there are five of the number of people who are deeply concerned about this communist threat,
who give us advice, information, I mean I'm not working on the staff as such.
No, there's no one, I assume you're referring to anyone in the type of position they've signed with them, the answer is no.
Part-time assistance for anything like that.
No.
You can serve with a lot of these people in so long.
That is correct.
Any time I can ask you a question.
As chairman of my primary interest in the CIA aspect, but because it is our agency for worldwide intelligence,
to be frank, I knew a little of the OSS.
I found out the following facts.
The OSS was run by so-called wild build-on of them.
It was, I said, it was my friend and formerly was my lawyer.
I know we'll all agree that he is a great American.
Actually, he holds the highest decoration that this country can give for valent.
The congressional Medal of Honor.
At this time, he is in town.
At this moment, I understand he is convening with a joint duty to staff for the respect for the grave problems we now face in Southeast Asia.
I have had confirmed my statement with respect to Mr. Allen Dulles.
From early 1943 from Switzerland, he was in contact with the anti-Nazi German underground, which included Admiral Sennar,
and which produced the attempted revolution against Hitler on July 20, 1944, which almost resulted in his death.
Although he was one of the leaders in the successful efforts to get the Italians to surrender long before the Nazi did,
I wanted to make the record clear on it, Mr. Chairman.
I know little or nothing of the OSS that was suspended before I came into the government either or just afterwards, way back in 1945.
And then, as I understand it, there were a series of trusteeships which were set up and carried over until the presidency of the CIA was established.
I know little or nothing of the OSS, but I know quite a bit about the CIA primarily because the late great general, poet Van Enberg, was head of the CIA just far after the time.
He came into the airport, said, first write a sheet of death, and then a sheet of death.
I thank the chairman for letting me plate the remarks in the record.
Yes, indeed. Now, we've included that statement around, and so Mr. Cohn, if you have any questions, give the next man to the pass.
That's not your estimate. Well, that was your question, sir. Mr. Chairman, you talked about CIA and signing the infiltration of CIA.
I'll ask you this first of all. Has it always been your position that there are in CIA and other infiltrated agencies?
That number of great loyal Americans who are sending outstanding guns.
I've said that CIA has a very sizeable number, and thanks to the vast majority, who are good loyal of sending Americans, for example, Admiral Hill and Sutter.
So the head of CIA, I think, was a set of Americans, a set of Americans. I agree with Wild Bill Dunlman, great soldiers, great persons.
I may say, Mr. Cohn, that I think the son of the time he's been, and I certainly think he's very sincere about this.
When he says, oh, I know about the CIA, as far I learned from my great flyer, he's inclined to do what many people do.
To get someone to say just a great organization, a wonderful group of men, and that point onward, I think the center of the field he does, he sends everyone in the organization.
I would say there's no favor of the CIA, not to expose those who may be traitors even though the number may be a very, very small percentage.
I think that's the last question I suppose to be this.
Senator Timington is likewise.
I made a man saying, Mr. Dunlman, the own laughable war, for example, is one of the top men in the West as I recall.
Well, when I was going to make a visit there are, I assume you would agree.
There were, and all I said was when it was an existence, a great number of very April and very loyal patriotic Americans.
A great number of very loyal Americans, and may I say, Mr. Cohn, that the new FS was organized, it was organized during the war, four years, and they utilized the service of the...
...